Melodic Garnet Hamster

medium

# No deadline protection in `Vesting.sol::updateVestingPoints()` can cause Loss/Increase in `pctAmount` for users through `Vesting.sol::claim()`

## Summary

`Vesting.sol::updateVestingPoints()` is used to update the distribution of vestingPoints with respect to block.timestamps. In the `claim()` function `vestingpoints[2][]` is used to calculate the `pctAmount`.

If the `updateVestingPoints()` transaction gets executed after users have had access to the `claim()` function then users can potentially receive higher/lower/incomplete vestings.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `updateVestingPoints()` function is called by the `DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE` and it updates the `vestingPoints[][]` on completion. `vestingPoints[2][]` contains the percentage amount and timestamp for each amount in ascending order to make sure that users can only claim the earliest opening/s of vestings.

The vulnerability exists because there is no protection on `updateVestingPoints()` regarding its execution time. The transaction for `updateVestingPoints()` can remain unexecuted while another function call for `claim()` can get executed by a user. The proof of concept below explains a scenario in which users receive less than what they should have due to no deadline on `updateVestingPoints()`

### Proof of Concept

Suppose the current vestingPoints are the following: 
```solidity
vestingPoints[0] = [uint128(block.timestamp + 1 days), 4000]; // 40% after 1 day
vestingPoints[1] = [uint128(block.timestamp + 3 days), 6000]; // 60% more after 3 days
```

and suppose admin has prepared the new vestingPoints as following:
```solidity
vestingPoints[0] = [uint128(block.timestamp + 2 days), 5000]; // 50% after 2 days
vestingPoints[1] = [uint128(block.timestamp + 3 days), 5000]; // 50% more after 3 days
```

1. Admin calls `updateVestingPoints()` right before current vestings open to update the vestingsPoints to the newly prepared ones. 
2. Suppose at the same time a User makes the transaction to claim their first vestings. 
3. If the User's transaction is executed before the `updateVestingPoints()` then the user will receive `40%` of their intended pctAmount and then the `vestingPoints` will be updated.

In this situation, User has `40%` and their `s.index` is set to 1 (1 claim made out of 2).
The new vestingPoints have 2 sets which open after block.timestamp + 2 days and block.timestamp + 3 days. The User will be unable to claim the first one vesting because `s.index` is set to `1`. For the 2nd vesting, they will be able to claim and receive `50%` which makes their total `90%`.

This situation demonstrates that the user had a loss of `10%` of their amount.


## Impact

If the `updateVestingPoints()` call does not execute before the starting block.timestamp of the vestingPoints then Users can potentially receive incorrect amounts (higher/lower)

## Code Snippet

[Vestings.sol::updateVestingPoints()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Vesting.sol#L94-L105)

[Vestings.sol::claim()]()

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a deadline parameter and require statement in `updateVestingPoints()` to make sure it executes before the current `vestingPoints` become claimable

```diff
-function updateVestingPoints(
-        uint128[2][] memory _vestingPoints
+function updateVestingPoints(
+        uint128[2][] memory _vestingPoints,
+        uint256 deadline
) external onlyRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE) {
        uint256 sum;
        (vestingPoints, sum) = ascendingSort(_vestingPoints);
        console.log("After Sort");
        require(sum == 10000, "sum not 10000");
        require(block.timestamp <= _vestingPoints[0][0], "Time lapsed");
+       require(deadline < block.timestamp)
    }
```