Fancy Cerulean Kookaburra

medium

# Reentrancy in `Vesting:claim` allows an attacker to steal tokens

## Summary

The `claim` function in the `Vesting.sol` contract may be reentered by a malicious sender contract. This vulnerability allows a malicious attacker to call the claim function multiple times within a single transaction before its userDetails.index is updated, potentially stealing more tokens than they are entitled to.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerable section of code is located within the if (address(token) == address(1)) block of the `claim` function.

`claim` calculates the amount of tokens claimable (pctAmount) by the sender.

```solidity
function claim() external {
...
        for (i; i <= vestingPoints.length - 1; i++) {
            if (block.timestamp >= vestingPoints[i][0]) {
                pctAmount += (s.userDeposit * vestingPoints[i][1]) / 10000;
            } else {
                break;
            }
        }
...
}
```

If pctAmount > 0 then, depending on the token type (native or ERC20), it will transfer the tokens :
For native: (bool sent, ) = payable(sender).call{value: pctAmount}("")
For ERC20: token.safeTransfer(sender, pctAmount);

```solidity
function claim() external {
...
        if (pctAmount != 0) {
            if (address(token) == address(1)) {
                (bool sent, ) = payable(sender).call{value: pctAmount}("");         //@audit Reentrancy.
                require(sent, "Failed to send BNB to receiver");
            } else {
                token.safeTransfer(sender, pctAmount);
            }
            s.index = uint128(i);
            s.amountClaimed += pctAmount;
        }
}
```

The direct call to sender when the token is native allows the sender to reenter the `claim` function if sender is a contract. Since userDetails[sender].index is only updated after token transfers, the reentrancy would allow the sender to repeatedly claim the same amount.

## Impact

A malicious sender contract may be able to drain the contract's native tokens.

Since the admin has control over which users receive userDeposit amounts necessary to claim, this issue becomes less likely to be exploited.

## Code Snippet

[Vesting.sol#L67-L92](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Vesting.sol#L67-L92)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

There are a few fixes that could prevent reentrancy and malicious senders. Implementing Openzeppelin's ReentrancyGuard would prevent reentrancy throughout the entire contract with functions using the nonReentrant modifier (docs: [https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/utils#ReentrancyGuard](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/5.x/api/utils#ReentrancyGuard)). Making sure that the structure of the function follows the checks-effects-interactions pattern as mentioned [here](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.6.11/security-considerations.html#re-entrancy). Also, allowing the admin to only give user addresses that are EOAs any userDeposit amounts in the `updateUserDeposit` function.