Calm Fleece Shrimp

high

# Reentrancy possible in Vesting.sol


## Summary
In Vesting contract there is a reentrancy in the claim() function, this function will send user the funds that he deposited based on the token that was setted up in the initialize function. If this token is an erc20 there will be no issue, however since this contract handles both if its a native token like ETH,BNB,MATIC ... and also ERC20. In case the token is ETH, users can abuse the claim function to withdraw all balance.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function below do some checks when its called to ensure that the user have deposited some tokens, and if the token is eth we will send him the amount using  payable(sender).call{value: pctAmount}. Note that the sender can be an EOA or a smart contract both of them are eligible to call this function. The reentrancy is happening because this function is not safe guarded using a non reentrant modifier or any kind of lock also this function does not follow the CEI pattern which make it highly vulnerable. The last thing is that this function will first make an external call to the sender by sending him pctAmount then we update the sdtate of the index and amount claimed. Which means that the call is executed before modifiying and updating the state of the user.

    function claim() external {
        ....
        if (pctAmount != 0) {
            if (address(token) == address(1)) {
                (bool sent, ) = payable(sender).call{value: pctAmount}("");
                require(sent, "Failed to send BNB to receiver");
            } else {
                token.safeTransfer(sender, pctAmount);
            }
            s.index = uint128(i);
            s.amountClaimed += pctAmount;
        }
    }


## Impact
This issue will lead to malicious actors draining the contract from all of this ETH balance.


## Code Snippet
Claim() function: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Vesting.sol#L67-L92

External call: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Vesting.sol#L84

Updating storage after the call: https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Vesting.sol#L89-L90


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Follow the CEI pattern and use openzeppelin reentrancyguard.