Cuddly Opal Chameleon

high

# deposit(uint256) function in TokenSale.sol will always revert.

## Summary

User deposits USDC to participate in token sale with an "amount", the private function `_processPrivate `calculates tax amount and transfers the tax to the `marketingWallet `and the amount to the TokenSale contract. The `userTaxAmount `will not be 0 since `taxFreeAllcOfUser `is hardcoded as 0.  However, these transfers do not check for allowance and will revert since the call was made with "amount" not "amount+userTaxAmount" and `marketingWallet  `has no allowance. 

## Vulnerability Detail
1. User calls `deposit()` function to participate in the token sale with USDC.
2. After all checks pass the internal function `_processPrivate` is called.
`_processPrivate `function calculates `userTaxAmount `and calls `usdc.safeTransferFrom(_sender, marketingWallet, userTaxAmount);` 
It is certain that `userTaxAmount ` will not be 0 since contract has this at the line 227: `uint256 taxFreeAllcOfUser = 0; // hardcode zero - all pools have ax`
This step will revert since there is no approval from the user to the marketingWallet. 

## Impact
This will lead to the broken contract functionality and users not able to participate in the token sale. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/TokenSale.sol#L217-L253
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Approval check is required before transferring user deposits to marketingWallet. 