Scrawny Ultraviolet Blackbird

medium

# Repeated Initialization in Admin Contract's initialize Function

## Summary
The `initialize` function within the Admin contract lacks protection against repeated initialization, potentially exposing the contract to unauthorized reinitialization attacks. This vulnerability could allow an attacker to take control of the contract by overwriting crucial parameters such as the admin role and wallet address.


## Vulnerability Detail
The `initialize` function in the Admin contract is designed to set up initial configurations, including assigning the admin role and defining the wallet address. However, it lacks a mechanism to prevent multiple invocations, which could lead to unintended consequences. Here's a breakdown of the vulnerability:
- The `initialize` function does not include any checks to ensure it is only called once.
- Upon subsequent calls to the `initialize` function, the provided `_owner` address will overwrite the existing admin role and wallet address without any validation.
- An attacker could exploit this vulnerability by calling the `initialize` function with their address, effectively gaining control over the contract.
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is severe as it can lead to a loss of control over the contract by allowing unauthorized parties to set themselves as the admin and control critical functionalities. Additionally, it could result in the loss of funds or manipulation of contract behaviour.
## Code Snippet
[#L46-L50](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol#L46-L50)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 Implement a flag that tracks the initialization status of the contract.
 ```solidity
 bool private initialized;

function initialize(address _owner) public initializer {
    require(!initialized, "Already initialized");
    _setupRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, _owner);
    _setRoleAdmin(OPERATOR, DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE);
    wallet = _owner;
    initialized = true;
}
```