Scrawny Ultraviolet Blackbird

medium

# Lack of Access Control in Admin Contract Initialization Function

## Summary
The `initialize` function in the Admin contract lacks proper access control, potentially exposing critical initialization steps to unauthorized parties. This could lead to unauthorized admin assignment or incorrect initialization of the contract.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `initialize` function is crucial for setting up initial configurations and values in the Admin contract. However, it lacks access control, allowing any address to call it and perform initialization steps. Here's the code snippet of the initialize function:
```solidity
function initialize(address _owner) public initializer {
    _setupRole(DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE, _owner);
    _setRoleAdmin(OPERATOR, DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE);
    wallet = _owner;
}
```
This function is meant to be called once during contract deployment to set the initial admin and perform other setup tasks. However, without proper access control, any address can call this function, potentially setting themselves as the admin or modifying critical parameters.
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is that unauthorized parties could gain control over critical functions and configurations of the Admin contract. They could potentially manipulate the contract's behaviour, leading to financial losses or other adverse effects for users of the contract.
## Code Snippet
[#L46-L50](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol#L46-L50)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control in the `initialize` function.