Handsome Sage Deer

high

# Admin initialization is not secure and can get frontrun

## Summary

[`Admin`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol) relies on configuring itself with an API provided by `Initializable`. The `Initializable` abstract contract is designed to work with proxied contracts, which can't be configured via the constructor.

> This is a base contract to aid in writing upgradeable contracts, or any kind of contract that will be deployed behind a proxy. Since proxied contracts do not make use of a constructor, it's common to move constructor logic to an external initializer function, usually called `initialize`. It then becomes necessary to protect this initializer function so it can only be called once. The {initializer} modifier provided by this contract will have this effect.

Using this pattern on a regular, non-upgradeable, non-clonable contract introduces unnecessary complexity and furthermore - separates contracts' deployment from it's initial configuration. This is dangerous as all such deployments can be hijacked.

## Vulnerability Detail
Relevant code: [zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol#L46-L50), [zap-contracts-labs/scripts/deploy.js](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/scripts/deploy.js#L79-L86)

When inheriting from `Initializable` a proxy contract which manages the implementation is required.

Combine this with the knowledge of how the deployment is planned in `deploy.js` we can observe that: First a contract is deployed, then in a next tx, that contract is initialized - opening up space for a malicious interaction.

**Few words on plausibility of attack**
I'm aware that Optimism-derived chains don't have public mempool, which limits the issue. However this does not mean the protocol is safe for the following reasons:
1. We've seen that some blockchains had parts of their [mempool open to the public](https://blockworks.co/news/jito-labs-suspends-mempool-functionality), opening the attack path.
2. The protocols' deployment key transactions can be observed and then when relevant contract is deployed, an attacker can frontrun the initialization tx.

## Impact
The current initialization process makes Admin contract deployment vulnerable.

## Code Snippet

1. Add Foundry following [these instructions](https://book.getfoundry.sh/config/hardhat#adding-foundry-to-a-hardhat-project).
2. Add remappings.txt in the root folder 
```bash
@openzeppelin/=node_modules/@openzeppelin/
ds-test/=lib/forge-std/lib/ds-test/src/
forge-std/=lib/forge-std/src/
@src/=contracts/
@test/=test/
```

3. Create file `test/AdminDeployTest.t.sol`
```sol
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.11;

import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol";
import {Test, console2} from "forge-std/Test.sol";

import "@src/Admin.sol";
import "@src/TokenSale.sol";
import "@src/interfaces/ITokenSale.sol";

contract AdminDeployTest is Test {
  address deployer = makeAddr("deployer");
  address attacker = makeAddr("attacker");
  Admin admin;

  function testInitializerFrontrun() public {
    vm.startPrank(deployer);
    admin = new Admin();
    vm.stopPrank();

    vm.startPrank(attacker);
    admin.initialize(attacker);
    address attackerControlled = makeAddr("attackerControlled");
    admin.addOperator(attackerControlled); // attacker is able to call admin only function

    vm.startPrank(deployer); // deployer is unable to init the contract
    vm.expectRevert();
    admin.initialize(deployer);
  }
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Move all the logic from `initialize` to a constructor. Drop inheritance from `Initializable`, as it is not needed.
