Noisy Watermelon Otter

medium

# Missed return check in ERC20 transferFrom

## Summary

This report outlines a medium security vulnerability found in the smart contract function `zap-contracts-labs/contracts/Admin.sol::createPoolNew` relating to the non-validation of the return value from the `transferFrom` function of an ERC20 token. Such an oversight can lead to unintended behavior and potential disruption of core business logic with a cumulative loss of funds on the part of the pool creator.

## Vulnerability Detail

According to the ERC20 standard, the transferFrom method returns a bool - an indicator of the success of the transaction. This return value is not checked. 

It is worth pointing out that the developer originally intended to use safeTransferFrom, because ERC20 uses safeERC20, but instead of calling safeTransferFrom it just calls transferFrom.

This can lead to situations where the function execution continues even if the token transfer fails, which leads to an incorrectly created pool, which will be used by the client to distribute funds (which did not reach).

## Impact

The lack of validation can result in the creation of a token pool without the required token liquidity, misleading users about the available liquidity and potentially leading to financial losses. Users might interact with the pool under false assumptions, which could erode trust in the platform and result in direct financial losses. Moreover, given that the main task of the project is to distribute tokens among project users, if the liquidity of the pool is 0, the distribution will be incorrect.

Also, provided that the error in token transfer is noticed, the potential pool creators will still lose a small part of the funds, because when creating the pool, they give a commission to the development team. 

## Code Snippet

[Link to code](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-launches-contracts/contracts/Admin.sol#L310)

```solidity
IERC20D(_params.tokenAddress).transferFrom(msg.sender, instance, (_params.totalSupply + _params.tokenLiquidity));
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

```solidity
IERC20D(_params.tokenAddress).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, instance, (_params.totalSupply + _params.tokenLiquidity));
```
