Funny Purple Rat

medium

# Potential Denial of Service Block Gas Limit will be Exceeded

## Summary
The TokenSale contract contains an unbounded array `usersOnDeposit` which is used to track users who have made deposits. However, there is no functionality provided to remove users from this array. This can lead to the array growing indefinitely over time as more users interact with the contract, potentially causing scalability and gas efficiency issues.

## Vulnerability Detail

The contract maintains a list of users who have participated in the deposit operation through the `usersOnDeposit` array. Each time a user makes a deposit, their address is added to this array if not already present, facilitated by checking and setting their index in the `userDepositIndex` mapping. The design overlooks the removal of users from this array, leading to two primary issues:

1. **Permanently Increasing Storage**: As the contract operates over time and more users interact with the deposit function, the `usersOnDeposit` array will continue to grow. Solidity does not automatically shrink the size of an array when elements are removed or set to a default value, nor does this contract implement manual mechanisms to remove users.

2. **Gas Cost Implications**: The unbounded growth of the `usersOnDeposit` array can lead to increased gas costs for operations that iterate over or otherwise interact with this array. Additionally, as the Ethereum network calculates gas costs in part based on state change size (storage write operations), adding users to this perpetually expanding array becomes progressively more expensive.

## Impact
- **Scalability**: Over time, as the array grows, any functionality relying on iterating over or processing the `usersOnDeposit` array may become impractically expensive or exceed block gas limits, rendering parts of the contract unusable.
- **Efficiency and Cost**: The lack of an array pruning or user removal mechanism leads to unnecessary storage costs on the Ethereum network. This inefficiency translates into higher gas costs for the contract's maintenance and operation, ultimately borne by the contract operators and users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/TokenSale.sol#L177C9-L180C10

```solidity
if (userDepositIndex[sender] == 0) {
    usersOnDeposit.push(sender);
    userDepositIndex[sender] = usersOnDeposit.length;
}
```
## Tool used
Manual

## Recommendation
Implement a mechanism for removing users from the `usersOnDeposit` array when appropriate, such as when they have claimed their funds or if their deposit is refunded.
