Interesting Cloth Poodle

high

# `TokenSale::Claim()`, Incorrect Handling of Token Decimals Leading to Funds Lock

## Summary

An identified vulnerability within the `claim` function of a smart contract, which handles claims in USDC tokens, arises from improper handling of the token's decimal system. Specifically, the multiplication of `_maxTaxfreeAllocation(msg.sender)` by `PCT_BASE` (assumed to be `10^18`) without adjusting for USDC's 6-decimal format potentially inflates the `refundTaxAmount` calculation, leading to unrealistic claim amounts. This could result in transaction failures or the contract's inability to process claims, effectively locking funds.

## Vulnerability Detail

The vulnerability originates from the scaling of `_maxTaxfreeAllocation(msg.sender)` with `PCT_BASE`, which does not take into account the USDC decimal system of 6 decimals. This scaling can lead to inflated values of `taxFreeAllc`, significantly exceeding the intended calculation range when compared to actual USDC amounts. Such discrepancies can cause the smart contract to attempt to transfer amounts that exceed the token's total supply or the contract's balance, leading to failed transactions and potentially making it impossible for users to claim their funds.

```solidity
if (s.taxAmount > 0) {
    uint256 tax = userTaxRate(s.amount, msg.sender);
    uint256 taxFreeAllc = _maxTaxfreeAllocation(msg.sender) * PCT_BASE; // Problematic calculation
    if (taxFreeAllc >= s.share) {
        refundTaxAmount = s.taxAmount;
    } else {
        refundTaxAmount = (left * tax) / POINT_BASE;
    }
    usdc.safeTransferFrom(marketingWallet, msg.sender, refundTaxAmount);
}

```

## Impact

Given the potential for this vulnerability to prevent users from claiming their rightful funds, its impact is considerable. While the extreme scenario of attempting to transfer `10^12` USDC is unrealistic due to supply constraints, the primary risk lies in transaction failures and the resulting inability for users to access their staked assets. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/TokenSale.sol#L379-L388

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this issue, calculations involving `_maxTaxfreeAllocation` and other token amounts should be adjusted to accurately reflect the USDC token's 6-decimal system. This can be achieved by:

- Directly using the token's decimal property (if available) 
- Creating a  `mapping (address => uint256) tokenToTokenDecimals`

Implementing a comprehensive fix and conducting extensive testing with varied scenarios will ensure the contract functions as intended without risking user funds.
