Scrawny Ultraviolet Blackbird

medium

# Inadequate Contract Finalization in TokenSale Contract

## Summary
The `destroy` function within the `TokenSale` contract lacks proper finalization steps before initiating self-destruction. This deficiency can lead to unintended consequences and potential loss of funds.


## Vulnerability Detail
The `destroy` function is intended to finalize the contract's operations and transfer any remaining funds or assets to the admin's wallet before self-destructing the contract entirely.
Code Snippet:
```solidity
function destroy() external override {
    _onlyAdmin();
    uint256 amountUSDC = usdc.balanceOf(address(this));
    if (amountUSDC > 0) {
        usdc.safeTransfer(admin.wallet(), amountUSDC);
    }
    address payable wallet = payable(admin.wallet());
    selfdestruct(wallet);
}
```
 The primary issue lies in the incomplete finalization process within the `destroy` function. While it transfers remaining USDC tokens to the admin's wallet, it fails to address other critical finalization tasks. These tasks may include revoking permissions, finalizing pending processes, updating contract states, or ensuring the contract's integrity.
 Without thorough finalization, the contract remains susceptible to reentrancy attacks. During the self-destruct process, external contracts or functions may still interact with the contract, exploiting its inconsistent state to execute unexpected behaviours or drain funds.
## Impact

## Code Snippet
[#L186-L194](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/TokenSale.sol#L186-L194)
## Tool used
Without proper finalization, the contract may leave critical processes unfinished, leading to inconsistencies in the contract state or vulnerabilities to exploitation. This could result in the loss of funds or unauthorized behaviors, undermining the trust and integrity of the contract.
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The `destroy` function should be updated to include comprehensive finalization steps before initiating self-destruction. These steps should ensure that all pending actions are completed, permissions are revoked, and the contract's state is properly handled. 