Loud Pine Trout

medium

# Do not use the SELFDESTRUCT opcode

## Summary
Do not use the SELFDESTRUCT opcode
## Vulnerability Detail
In the destroy function of the TokenSale.sol contract, the selfdestruct opcode is used. After the Ethereum upgrade and the solidity compiler update, this is an unsafe practice, and this change does not require any support from the compiler. This is a network-wide change that will affect all deployed contracts. The --evm-version setting used when compiling the contract has nothing to do with it.

### Relevant information:
https://soliditylang.org/blog/2024/01/26/solidity-0.8.24-release-announcement/
https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6780
## Impact
```solidity
selfdestruct(wallet);
```
In this contract, the selfdestruct operation code needs to be actively called by the administrator. Therefore, this operation will be executed after the contract is created, which is a security risk.

Previously it was possible to burn ether by calling SELFDESTRUCT targeting the executing contract as the beneficiary. If the contract existed prior to the transaction the ether will not be burned. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-03-zap-protocol/blob/main/zap-contracts-labs/contracts/TokenSale.sol#L186-L194
```solidity
    function destroy() external override {
        _onlyAdmin();
        uint256 amountUSDC = usdc.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (amountUSDC > 0) {
            usdc.safeTransfer(admin.wallet(), amountUSDC);
        }
        address payable wallet = payable(admin.wallet());
        selfdestruct(wallet);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Note that SELFDESTRUCT has already been deprecated for some time, by [EIP-6049](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6049). The deprecation is still in effect and the compiler will still emit warnings on its use. Any use in newly deployed contracts is strongly discouraged even if the new behavior is taken into account. Future changes to the EVM might further reduce the functionality of the opcode.